Feature/advance docs (#35)
infinum/eightshift-docs: docs/advanced/components-color-palette.md

---
id: components-color-palette
title: Color Palette
---

> This is a custom react component the renders a custom color picker exactly the same as native block editor component but on save method in attributes we save the color name and not color hex.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a custom react component that renders a custom color picker. It is similar to the native block editor component but, on save method it saves the color name and not color hex in attributes.
```

> This is a custom react component the renders a custom color picker exactly the same as native block editor component but on save method in attributes we save the color name and not color hex.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is a custom React component the renders a custom color picker exactly the same as the native block editor component, but on the `save` method in the attributes, we save the color name and not the color hex value.
```

## Usage

```js
import { ColorPaletteCustom } from 'EightshiftComponentColorPalette';

{onChangeStyleColor &&
  <ColorPaletteCustom
    label={__('Heading Color', 'eightshift-boilerplate')}
    colors={[
      {
        "name": "scarlet",
        "color": "#D8262C"
      },
      {
        "name": "guard",
        "color": "#C00100"
      },
    ]}
    value={styleColor}
    onChange={onChangeStyleColor}
  />
}
```

### Options

> All options are the same as a native block editor component that you can see [here](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/components/color-palette/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All the options are the same as in the native block editor component that you can see [here](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/components/color-palette/).
```
